I was told that the grass is always greener, but i think your eyes are the greenest
Does the carpet match the curtains, I’m trying to prove I’m not gay, and color matching is the only way that’s going to happen
Girl you thicker than molasses, if I touch you will I be stuck in love?
Are you a leprechaun? Because you can have my lucky charms.”
I’m not trying to jump the shark to get your number, but I might just jump you and take it”
They oughta call me a raccoon because you are garbage and I want you”
(Make elephant noise), there’s more where that came from”
You have pretty eyes.”
Are you a square root of 100, or am I square root of -100 ing things?”
Can I have your number? I am better looking than you and am willing to stoop to your level just this once.”
If you were a pizza you would be a meat lovers, because my meat loves you. Can I have a pizza ya?”
Scooby is that you? Oh sorry I guess I just want to dooby dooby doo you”
If you were a root vegetable would you be a carrot, would you carrot to go out sometime?”
Are you wearing a pushup bra? I consider that to be lying, if you take it off we can talk.”
if you were a bird you would be a falcon, Fal-Can we get lunch tomorrow?”“Look at me. Do you really think you can do better?”
If you were a go space in monopoly I would rather land on you than pass you and collect $200”
Please date me”
Error... Just kidding, you really just shouldn’t try”
Excuse me are you a trampoline? It would explain why I want to jump on you”
You should be arrested for overly decent exposure”
When I look at you It’s like looking in a mirror, well my mirror, because mine is covered with pictures of you My favorite tv show is teletubies, will you have kids with me so I have an excuse to watch it?
You are hotter than an ice cream in a deep fryer
You look fabulous…. for your age
You so friggin sexy! Just like my uncle!
Of all your beautiful curves on your body, your stomach is my favorite one #Pregnant
Can I have your email address and social security number?
You are better than all the BS in your life
Can I punch you in the face… with my lips?
I can’t fall asleep around because reality is better than a dream <3
You look like Sherlock Holmes upper lip
I think you’re prettier than a bobby pin stuck in a garbage disposer
I'm a potato and I love you.
Potatoes love you.
We love to potato.
You're a beautiful potato.
You are the potato goddess.Bow down to the holy potato.
Potato wisdom.
Be the potato.
Become the potato.
You're a lovely potato.
POTATO MANIA!
Can I get some potato up in here??!
Let's start a potato party!.
Oh great potato, how I love thee.
I want to potato your potato.
You're the swellest potato around.
We love to potato potato.
Do the potato dance.
How do you potato.
Eat some potatoes.
We all like to potato.
If you were a potato, I would marry you.
Let's all go to potato heaven.
Knock knock. Potato!
Po - Tay - To
Love potato love
love live potato
Potato que que potatlate
Spring potato
Flying potatoes everywhere.
Let's go on a potato ride.
You're as sweet as a sweet potato!!
You don't need any sugar, sweet potato.
I am a potato, you are a potato.
Let's make potato babies.
Potatoes RULUUUUELUSLDUF mUAHAHAHHAHA.
evil potato ;u;
let's get potato makin'
I am the pOTATO RULER.





